"TERMINATOR 2: JUDGEMENT DAY"

                                 a Screenplay

                                      by

                                 James Cameron

                                      and

                                 William Wisher




        Revised final shooting script



1       EXT. CITY STREET - DAY

        Downtown L.A.  Noon on a hot summer day.  On an EXTREME LONG LENS the
        lunchtime crowd stacks up into a wall of humanity.  In SLOW MOTION
        they move in herds among the glittering rows of cars jammed bumper to
        bumper.  Heat ripples distort the torrent of faces.  The image is
        surreal, dreamy... and like a dream it begins very slowly to

                                                DISSOLVE TO:

2       EXT. CITY RUINS - NIGHT

        Same spot as the last shot, but now it is a landscape in Hell.  The
        cars are stopped in rusted rows, still bumper to bumper.  The
        skyline of buildings beyond has been shattered by some
        unimaginable force like a row of kicked-down sandcastles.
        Wind blows through the desolation, keening with the sound of ten
        million dead souls.  It scurries the ashes into drifts, stark
        white in the moonlight against the charred rubble.
        A TITLE CARD FADES IN:

                        LOS ANGELES, July 11, 2029

3       ANGLE ON a heap of fire-blackened human bones.  Beyond the mound is a
        vast tundra of skulls and shattered concrete.  The rush hour crowd
        burned down in their tracks.

4       WE DISSOLVE TO a playground... where intense heat has half-melted the
        jungle gym, the blast has warped the swing set, the merry-go-round
        has sagged in the firestorm.  Small skulls look accusingly from the
        ash-drifts.  WE HEAR the distant echo of children's voices... playing
        and laughing in the sun.  A silly, sing-songy rhyme as WE TRACKS
        SLOWLY over seared asphalt where the faint hieroglyphs of hopscotch
        lines are still visible.

        CAMERA comes to rest on a burnt and rusted tricycle... next to the
        tiny skull of its owner.  HOLD ON THIS IMAGE as a female VOICE speaks:

                                VOICE
                3 billion human lives ended on August 29th, 1997.
                The survivors of the nuclear fire called the war
                Judgment Day.  They lived only to face a new
                nightmare, the war against the Machines...

        A metal foot crushes the skull like china.

        TILT UP, revealing a humanoid machine holding a massive battle rifle.
        It looks like a CHROME SKELETON... a high-tech Death figure.  It is
        the endoskeleton of a Series 800 terminator.  Its glowing red eyes
        compassionlessly sweep the dead terrain, hunting.

        The SOUNDS of ROARING TURBINES.  Searchlights blaze down as a
        formation of flying HK (Hunter-Killer) patrol machines passes
        overhead.  PAN WITH THEM toward the jagged horizon, beyond which we
        see flashes, and hear the distant thunder of a pitched battle in
        progress.

5       EXT. BATTLEFIELD - NIGHT

        THE BATTLE.  Human troops is desperate combat with the machines for
        possession of the dead Earth.  The humans are a ragtag guerrilla
        army.  Skynet's weapons consist of Ground HKs (tank-like robot
        gun-platforms), flying Aerial HKs, four-legged gun-pods called
        Centurions, and the humanoid terminators in various forms.

        SEQUENCE OF RAPID CUTS:
5A      Explosions!  Beam-weapons firing like searing strobe-light.
5B      A gunner is an armored personnel carrier fires a LAW rocket at a
        pursuing Aerial HK, bringing it down in a fiery explosion.
5C      Another APC is crushed under the treads of a massive Ground HK.

5D      A TEAM OF GUERRILLAS in a intense fire-fight with terminator
5E      endoskeletons in the ruins of a building.  Three terminator
5F      endoskeletons advance, firing rapidly.  Another (complete cyborg),
        with flesh ripped open and back broken, gropes for a rifle on the
        ground.

5G      A Centurion overruns a human firing position.  Soldiers are cut
        down as they run.  Fiery explosions light the ranks of advancing
        machines.

6       IN A BLASTED GUN EMPLACEMENT at the edge of battle, a man watches
        the combat with night-vision binoculars.  He wears the uniform of a
        guerrilla general, and a black beret.  He is still amid running,
        shouting techs and officers.

        C.U. MAN, pushing slowly in as the battle rages O.S.  He lowers the
        binoculars.  He is forty-five years old.  Features severe.  The left
        side of his face is heavily scarred.  A patch covers that eye.  An
        impressive man, forged in the furnace of a lifetime of war.  The name
        stitched on the band of his beret is CONNOR.  We push in until his
        eyes fill frame, then...

                                                DISSOLVE TO:

        FIRE.  SLOW, BOILING, ENORMOUS.  FILLING FRAME.

                                VOICE (SARAH CONNOR)
                Skynet, the computer which controlled the machines,
                sent two terminators back through time.  Their
                mission: to destroy the leader of the human
                Resistance... John Connor.  My son.

                The first terminator was programmed to strike at
                me, in the year 1984... before John was born.
                It failed.

                The second was set to strike at John himself,
                when he was still a child.  As before, the
                Resistance was able to send a lone warrior.  A
                protector for John.  It was just a question of
                which one of them would reach him first...

                                                DISSOLVE TO:

7       EXT. TRUCKSTOP - NIGHT

        Wild fingers of BLUE-WHITE ELECTRIC ARCS dance in a steel canyon
        formed by two TRACTOR TRAILERS, parked side by side in the back lot
        of an all-night truck stop.  Then...

        The strange lightning forms a circular opening in mid-air, and in
        the sudden flare of light we see a FIGURE in a SPHERE OF ENERGY.
        Then the FRAME WHITES OUT with an explosive THUNDERCLAP!

        Through the clearing vapor we see the figure clearly... a naked man.
        TERMINATOR has come through.  Physique: massive, perfect.  Face:
        devoid of emotion.  Terminator stands and impassively surveys its
        surroundings.

8       INT. TRUCK STOP DINER - NIGHT

        On a back route to north L.A.  A handful of local TRUCKERS hunch over
        chili-sizes, CAT hats pushed back on their heads.  Three BIKERS are
        playing a game of pool in the back, their Miller empties lining the
        table's rail.  The dive's owner, LLOYD, a fat, aging biker-type in a
        soiled apron, stands behind the bar.  Nothing much going on...

        Then the front door opens and a big naked guy strolls in -- that
        doesn't happen every night.  All eyes simultaneously swivel toward
        Terminator.  Its emotionless gaze passes over the customers as it
        walks calmly through the room.  Everyone frozen, not sure how to
        react.

8A      TERMINATOR POV.  A digitized electronic scan of the room, overlaid
        with alphanumeric readouts which change faster than the human eye
        can follow.  In POV we move past the staring truckers, past the
        owner and the awestruck WAITRESS, and approach a large nasty-looking
        biker puffing on a cigar.  His body is outlined, or "selected", and
        thousands of estimated measurements appear.  His clothing has been
        analyzed and deemed suitable...

8B                              TERMINATOR
                I need your clothes, your boots, and your
                motorcycle.

        The big biker's eyes narrow.  He takes a long draw on this cigar,
        the tip cherry-red hot.

                                CIGAR BIKER
                You forgot to say please.

        He grinds the cigar out on Terminator's chest.  Which produces not
        the slight reaction of pain.  Terminator calmly, and without
        expression, grabs Cigar by his meaty upper arm...
        Cigar screams from the hydraulic grip.

        Terminator doesn't see Cigar's friend, behind him, holding his pool
        cue by the narrow end like a Louisville Slugger.  The heavy send
        whistles in a powerful swing and CRACKS IN TWO across the back of
        Terminator's head.

        Terminator seems not to notice.  Doesn't even blink.  Without
        releasing his grip on Cigar, he snaps his arm straight back and grabs
        Pool Cue by the front of his jacket.  Suddenly the heavyset biker
        finds himself flying through the nearest window.  CRAASSH!

        Terminator hurls Cigar, all 230 pounds of him, clear over the bar,
        through the serving window into the kitchen, where he lands on the
        big flat GRILL.  We hear a SOUND like SIZZLING BACON as Cigar
        screams, flopping jerking.  He rolls off in a smoking heap.

        The third biker whips out a knife with a eight-inch blade and slashes
        at Terminator's face.

        Terminator grabs the arcing blade with his bare hand.  Holding it by
        the razor-sharp blade he jerks is from the guy's hand.
        Ultra-fast here: He flips it.  Grabs the handle like you're supposed
        to hold a knife.  Grabs the biker and slams him face-down over the
        bar.  Then brings the knife whistling down, pinning the biker's
        shoulder to the bar top with his own steel.

9       INT. KITCHEN

        The doors BANGS OPEN and Terminator strides in.
        The Mexican cook does a fast fade as Terminator walks toward Cigar,
        who is cursing in pain on the floor.

        With his deep-fried fingers he struggles to get out the .45 auto
        tucked under his leather jacket.  But he can't even hold onto it.
        Terminator takes it from him.  Instead of pointing it at him,
        Terminator carefully examines weapon, analyzing its caliber and
        operating condition.  Terminator never threatens... that's a human
        thing.  He just takes.

        Cigar senses what he must do when the emotionless eyes come back to 